on
we come to the third part of mine
medicus in the last part
made tangible and filled the sand
this part cheap that scheduled in
march has already started filling
before that the rest of the technology
let install the pressed
Technique that means that Beck mother without
I have delivered a hot one yet
Participants of aqua medic stocked and
The associated control unit this victory
and Roland would swing and look
with install before I except that
a film then I have one more
Extra flow little feel for FIDOR
this year is a nano flow I will
then install it too
So have fun so as I said here
I installed coriano after you
in addition down here is the
heaters among the fields sponge quasi
so and this unit has its own
I 've never had any feelers here
then the whole system will be installed
taxed on this opponent here as
two sockets of the chamber then quasi
also connect a cooler
I can still another
demonstrate
well so now i will fill in water
if it's inside, I'll get in touch
again bite then to the water is in it
is of course still cloudy without end
I already have the lamp on it
made the actually settled at
fill with water
we press the button on time
decide this works this 9
and 3 5 thousand for this an aqua medic
stop his asthma full of power
I had to look like myself
delivers well I press time on it so
something happens
it runs
Something's going on
the flow pumps are running
the cleaner also runs
well that's clear to me oh and then
I do not the final report should
I'm back we come to
end of these for this video series me
still have a little bit of water left
filled because of the depreciation not
has worked properly now has that
piece clarified that I did not know
it was like that, of course, still
a little bit over it but that is first
a clearer therefore very fine whole
fine bubbles I have to
first drive, as we said still
times to this regulator system of the
heater has illuminated display here
so that then water temperature 21 come
if your cross looks up there
you can then the temperature was nice
you want to hire
So I do that now just for
then have a browser at 25 degrees
here are nice snowflake is quasi
the tolerance one starts there so
Employees set this time on one
a 21.9 degrees is my water
I'll fix that myself again
goodbye, so he works now too
already nice
now works well then thank you
for that look